androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/facebook/common/R.java
 com.facebook.common.R
 com.facebook.common.R$anim
 com.facebook.common.R$attr
 com.facebook.common.R$bool
 com.facebook.common.R$color
 com.facebook.common.R$dimen
 com.facebook.common.R$drawable
 com.facebook.common.R$id
 com.facebook.common.R$integer
 com.facebook.common.R$layout
 com.facebook.common.R$string
 com.facebook.common.R$style
 com.facebook.common.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/flutter_webview_plugin/R.java
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$anim
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$attr
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$bool
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$color
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$dimen
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$drawable
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$id
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$integer
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$interpolator
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$layout
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$string
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$style
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$styleable
 com.flutter_webview_plugin.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/facebook/core/R.java
 com.facebook.core.R
 com.facebook.core.R$attr
 com.facebook.core.R$bool
 com.facebook.core.R$color
 com.facebook.core.R$dimen
 com.facebook.core.R$drawable
 com.facebook.core.R$id
 com.facebook.core.R$integer
 com.facebook.core.R$layout
 com.facebook.core.R$string
 com.facebook.core.R$style
 com.facebook.core.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/packageinfo/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
th/go/nasancity/Application.java
 th.go.nasancity.Application
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/R.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.ktx.R
io/flutter/plugins/deviceinfo/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.deviceinfo.R$styleable
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.ktx.R
io/flutter/plugins/webviewflutter/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/share/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.share.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
androidx/databinding/library/R.java
 androidx.databinding.library.R
 androidx.databinding.library.R$id
com/dexterous/flutterlocalnotifications/R.java
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$attr
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$color
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$dimen
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$drawable
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$id
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$integer
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$layout
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$string
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$style
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/applinks/R.java
 com.facebook.applinks.R
 com.facebook.applinks.R$attr
 com.facebook.applinks.R$bool
 com.facebook.applinks.R$color
 com.facebook.applinks.R$dimen
 com.facebook.applinks.R$drawable
 com.facebook.applinks.R$id
 com.facebook.applinks.R$integer
 com.facebook.applinks.R$layout
 com.facebook.applinks.R$string
 com.facebook.applinks.R$style
 com.facebook.applinks.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/cloudmessaging/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.R
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/roughike/facebooklogin/facebooklogin/R.java
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$anim
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$attr
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$bool
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$color
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$dimen
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$drawable
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$id
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$integer
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$layout
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$string
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$style
 com.roughike.facebooklogin.facebooklogin.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/facebook/messenger/R.java
 com.facebook.messenger.R
 com.facebook.messenger.R$attr
 com.facebook.messenger.R$bool
 com.facebook.messenger.R$color
 com.facebook.messenger.R$dimen
 com.facebook.messenger.R$drawable
 com.facebook.messenger.R$id
 com.facebook.messenger.R$integer
 com.facebook.messenger.R$layout
 com.facebook.messenger.R$string
 com.facebook.messenger.R$style
 com.facebook.messenger.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/lyokone/location/R.java
 com.lyokone.location.R
 com.lyokone.location.R$attr
 com.lyokone.location.R$color
 com.lyokone.location.R$dimen
 com.lyokone.location.R$drawable
 com.lyokone.location.R$id
 com.lyokone.location.R$integer
 com.lyokone.location.R$layout
 com.lyokone.location.R$string
 com.lyokone.location.R$style
 com.lyokone.location.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/facebook/login/R.java
 com.facebook.login.R
 com.facebook.login.R$anim
 com.facebook.login.R$attr
 com.facebook.login.R$bool
 com.facebook.login.R$color
 com.facebook.login.R$dimen
 com.facebook.login.R$drawable
 com.facebook.login.R$id
 com.facebook.login.R$integer
 com.facebook.login.R$layout
 com.facebook.login.R$string
 com.facebook.login.R$style
 com.facebook.login.R$styleable
com/facebook/places/R.java
 com.facebook.places.R
 com.facebook.places.R$attr
 com.facebook.places.R$bool
 com.facebook.places.R$color
 com.facebook.places.R$dimen
 com.facebook.places.R$drawable
 com.facebook.places.R$id
 com.facebook.places.R$integer
 com.facebook.places.R$layout
 com.facebook.places.R$string
 com.facebook.places.R$style
 com.facebook.places.R$styleable
androidx/browser/R.java
 androidx.browser.R
 androidx.browser.R$attr
 androidx.browser.R$color
 androidx.browser.R$dimen
 androidx.browser.R$drawable
 androidx.browser.R$id
 androidx.browser.R$integer
 androidx.browser.R$layout
 androidx.browser.R$string
 androidx.browser.R$style
 androidx.browser.R$styleable
 androidx.browser.R$xml
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/webkit/R.java
 androidx.webkit.R
 androidx.webkit.R$attr
 androidx.webkit.R$color
 androidx.webkit.R$dimen
 androidx.webkit.R$drawable
 androidx.webkit.R$id
 androidx.webkit.R$integer
 androidx.webkit.R$layout
 androidx.webkit.R$string
 androidx.webkit.R$style
 androidx.webkit.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/googlesignin/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/facebook/R.java
 com.facebook.R
 com.facebook.R$anim
 com.facebook.R$attr
 com.facebook.R$bool
 com.facebook.R$color
 com.facebook.R$dimen
 com.facebook.R$drawable
 com.facebook.R$id
 com.facebook.R$integer
 com.facebook.R$layout
 com.facebook.R$string
 com.facebook.R$style
 com.facebook.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebasemessaging/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/googlemaps/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
io/flutter/plugins/urllauncher/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$styleable
com/facebook/share/R.java
 com.facebook.share.R
 com.facebook.share.R$anim
 com.facebook.share.R$attr
 com.facebook.share.R$bool
 com.facebook.share.R$color
 com.facebook.share.R$dimen
 com.facebook.share.R$drawable
 com.facebook.share.R$id
 com.facebook.share.R$integer
 com.facebook.share.R$layout
 com.facebook.share.R$string
 com.facebook.share.R$style
 com.facebook.share.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/jakewharton/threetenabp/R.java
 com.jakewharton.threetenabp.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
com/aboutyou/dart_packages/sign_in_with_apple/R.java
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$attr
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$color
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$dimen
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$drawable
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$id
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$integer
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$layout
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$string
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$style
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$styleable
 com.aboutyou.dart_packages.sign_in_with_apple.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
th/go/nasancity/FirebaseCloudMessagingPluginRegistrant.java
 th.go.nasancity.FirebaseCloudMessagingPluginRegistrant
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
com/linecorp/flutter_line_sdk/R.java
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$anim
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$animator
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$attr
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$bool
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$color
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$dimen
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$drawable
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$id
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$integer
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$interpolator
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$layout
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$menu
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$string
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$style
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$styleable
 com.linecorp.flutter_line_sdk.R$xml
th/go/nasancity/BuildConfig.java
 th.go.nasancity.BuildConfig
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/mr/flutter/plugin/filepicker/R.java
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$attr
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$color
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$dimen
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$drawable
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$id
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$integer
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$layout
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$string
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$style
 com.mr.flutter.plugin.filepicker.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/encoders/json/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.json.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/linecorp/linesdk/R.java
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$anim
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$animator
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$attr
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$bool
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$color
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$dimen
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$drawable
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$id
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$integer
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$interpolator
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$layout
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$menu
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$string
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$style
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$styleable
 com.linecorp.linesdk.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
th/go/nasancity/R.java
 th.go.nasancity.R
 th.go.nasancity.R$anim
 th.go.nasancity.R$animator
 th.go.nasancity.R$attr
 th.go.nasancity.R$bool
 th.go.nasancity.R$color
 th.go.nasancity.R$dimen
 th.go.nasancity.R$drawable
 th.go.nasancity.R$id
 th.go.nasancity.R$integer
 th.go.nasancity.R$interpolator
 th.go.nasancity.R$layout
 th.go.nasancity.R$menu
 th.go.nasancity.R$mipmap
 th.go.nasancity.R$string
 th.go.nasancity.R$style
 th.go.nasancity.R$styleable
 th.go.nasancity.R$xml
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
com/squareup/picasso/R.java
 com.squareup.picasso.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
